Welcome back my students in this lecture young want to show you a really great day and going to show
you how to make this more secure.
A couple of days ago from this video here one of my students actually told me that a friend of his or
I think her or his.
I don't know.
Found a blog and I was very happy and in my head I was like wow.
Varg beautiful let's go fix it right.
That's my attitude towards bugs because they make me better.
Write books.
If you get stuck in a thing for a cold for many days you know in the pursuit of finding the answer you
try so many different ways that actually made you write the code more so now you got more practice and
actually show you new ways of actually doing things right.
So maybe you better don't get frustrated don't get angry with me.
I'm trying to show you help you become better.
So anyway what is a problem for us.
Let's make some users so that when we can see the problem I'm going to make a user call them a wife
with some crazy password and that's going to make another user here with jibberish information because
I type fast like that.
And now we got to use his ID number 39 and 40.
All right.
So what's going on is that we can go ahead and delete this user from out here.
Thirty nine answer enter now if we go back here the user is the lead it.
How can we avoid such a thing.
Right.
If we put this on now only the way it is users can be deleted.
So in order for us to fix this we've got to go.
And some of you already found the answer because we all the information I've given you.
That's easy for you to do but I want to show you for those of you that have not actually done it yet
so you underscore all users right that's the page we are on and we are all the way to the bottom.
All right.
This is a page right here.
We are showing other users right here.
This is the page and this is the coldest performance.
We grabbing that get requests and then we are executing the miscue o statement right.
So the first thing that we need to do is valy they are cold here.
So we value their code and I show you this code before I show you how to implement this here.
All right.
So not only do you have to clean the code where you need to validate it.
So we see if the user role is set then we can execute the code down here.
All right but this means that a subscriber can actually come and delete this stuff.
Right.
Let's do something else let's do if let's just put this here and what we've got.
We're going to say if the user role is admin then we can secure this code.
All right this will work the way it is.
But now let's do a little bit something else let's talk let's clean it up a little bit with my Eskew.
Escape string.
All right.
From now on we all were always cleaning data up and I show you how to do this in lecture 50 something
I believe.
If I'm not mistaken would pass in the connection with my school string the two parameters connection
and that get in to get requests.
Now this code is perfectly right.
It's not 100 percent perfect but it would prevent anybody from coming into your L and trying to execute
that code.
So now we come here make sure that we have no errors by refreshing that page.
We see that we have an error here on line 1:26.
So make sure that we don't have that let's check it out.
So we're missing a branch this is here and you might be thinking How in the world he find us all fast.
Well that bugs so many mistakes over the years made me a professional in finding our books and that
makes you more valuable.
Now if you come back here and you try to delete the user ID number 40 admin users.
Look what happens.
Enter Rico.
One two and three.
Come back here.
The code is still there.
They use to see you there now before you go I want to tell you for some of you out there that need some
type of income e-mail me because I can help you.
You see many of you are recommending my courses for free because you love my course and you're telling
your friends that you should take this course for Medwin.
Yes he's awesome and all this.
Thank you so much.
But I was thinking I know some of you need some type of income while you become a developer if you want
what you can do is you can recommend my course and I can give you a commission of the course that interest
you.
All right.
I'm always trying to find ways to help you guys out.
And this is the only way that I can help you all besides teaching you all the stuff that I'm teaching
you in this course I hope to you.
I told you that I was going to help you make money in this course even with a title this course and
this is my problem it's not only by teaching you Ph.D. but by actually allowing you to you know to recommend
my course and still make a commission.
You don't have to do it for free if you don't want to.
And you know if you want to you can go ahead and do it.
But if you want to leave something out of it.
Email me to support at ideas or come.
Very simple.
All right.
This is my e-mail right here and you can message me right here support as soon as I come right there.
Very big.
Easy.
All right.
E-mail me.
We can work something out.
All right.
I'm here to help you.
And I'm always thinking how to help my students.
Why.
Because I know by helping you I help myself not only do I become a better person and does my pursue
every single day to become better.
Everything I do.
But I also want to help you.
I want to help my students.
I want to help people and this is the whole reason why I teach.
Thank you so much for being such a great student and I'll see you in the course.